hello everyone so we were looking into
IP fest metrics and we kind of so after
having done some user research
previously for cluster into like package
managers and also scientific research
communities and how they want to use it
down load counts a really important
metric that is somewhat of a proxy and
we're like how can we fix this the side
problem the technical problem to this is
how can we actually get this metric so
our metric that we came up with with
this lovely graph here is number of
providers of a CID over time I'm not
sure if you can read the legend it's
trended but forgotten is the blue line
and not popular but valued is the red
line so hopefully researchers are
usually the red line and some form of
meme is the blue line how we determine
this is by querying the network for the
CID that is represented every hour or so
from multiple places around the globe
and we see how many people are providing
it hopefully we can by doing it over
time get past garbage collection and
then indicate whether it's pinned or not
it's a bit hand wavy
but I think you would work so yeah thank
you